Container healthcheck and api stats (#146)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_creating-openstack-environment-file.adoc

[id="creating-openstack-environment-file_{context}"]
= Creating the OpenStack environment file

To label traffic according to the cloud of origin, you must create a configuration with cloud-specific instance names. Create an `stf-connectors.yaml` file and adjust the values of `CeilometerQdrEventsConfig`, `CeilometerQdrMetricsConfig` and `CollectdAmqpInstances` to match the AMQP address prefix scheme. 

> //[OSP16.1.3+ ONLY] 

Reviewer: @leifmadsen In the customer portal, we still don't publish z stream releases so the best I can do here is put an include_when_16 on it. In fact, there's no point in that either as master will never be synced with v13 or v16. Thoughts?

Reviewer: @leifmadsen 
See step one of the procedure below:
1. Create the `stf-connectors.yaml` file
I think we should tell users where to create the file. Tech support has brought this issue up in other docs.

> //[OSP16.1.3+ ONLY] 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

[NOTE]

> If you have enabled Container health and API stats monitoring, you must also modify the `CollectdSensubilityResultsChannel` parameter. For more information, see xref:planning-amqp-address-prefixes_advanced-features[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have enabled Container health and API stats monitoring, you must also modify the `CollectdSensubilityResultsChannel` parameter. For more information, see xref:planning-amqp-address-prefixes_advanced-features[] and xref:monitoring-container-health-and-api-status_advanced-features[]. 
```

> If you have enabled Container health and API stats monitoring, you must also modify the `CollectdSensubilityResultsChannel` parameter. For more information, see xref:planning-amqp-address-prefixes_advanced-features[] and xref:monitoring-container-health-and-api-status_advanced-features[]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have enabled container health and API statistics monitoring, you must also modify the `CollectdSensubilityResultsChannel` parameter. For more information, see xref:planning-amqp-address-prefixes_advanced-features[] and xref:monitoring-container-health-and-api-status_advanced-features[]. 
```

> If you have enabled Container health and API stats monitoring, you must also modify the `CollectdSensubilityResultsChannel` parameter. For more information, see xref:planning-amqp-address-prefixes_advanced-features[] and xref:monitoring-container-health-and-api-status_advanced-features[]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have enabled container health and API status monitoring, you must also modify the `CollectdSensubilityResultsChannel` parameter. For more information, see xref:planning-amqp-address-prefixes_advanced-features[] and xref:monitoring-container-health-and-api-status_advanced-features[]. 
```

[id="creating-openstack-environment-file_{context}"]
= Creating the OpenStack environment file

> To label traffic according to the cloud of origin, you must create a configuration with cloud-specific instance names. Create an `stf-connectors.yaml` file and adjust the values of `CeilometerQdrEventsConfig`, `CeilometerQdrMetricsConfig` and `CollectdAmqpInstances` to match the AMQP address prefix scheme. [OSP16.1.3+ ONLY] If you have enabled [Container health and API stats monitoring]( #link to new module included in this PR), the `CollectdSensubilityResultsChannel` parameter will also need to be modified. For more information, see xref:planning-amqp-address-prefixes_advanced-features[].

Reviewer 2: Should probably convert this to a NOTE or IMPORTANT. Also need to make sure we update the `OSP` to `{OpenStack}` and update the missing reference (link) to an `xref` of the appropriate header.

> To label traffic according to the cloud of origin, you must create a configuration with cloud-specific instance names. Create an `stf-connectors.yaml` file and adjust the values of `CeilometerQdrEventsConfig`, `CeilometerQdrMetricsConfig` and `CollectdAmqpInstances` to match the AMQP address prefix scheme. [OSP16.1.3+ ONLY] If you have enabled [Container health and API stats monitoring]( #link to new module included in this PR), the `CollectdSensubilityResultsChannel` parameter will also need to be modified. For more information, see xref:planning-amqp-address-prefixes_advanced-features[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To label traffic according to the cloud of origin, you must create a configuration with cloud-specific instance names. Create an `stf-connectors.yaml` file and adjust the values of `CeilometerQdrEventsConfig`, `CeilometerQdrMetricsConfig` and `CollectdAmqpInstances` to match the AMQP address prefix scheme. 

//[OSP16.1.3+ ONLY] 
[NOTE]
If you have enabled Container health and API stats monitoring, you must also modify the `CollectdSensubilityResultsChannel` parameter. For more information, see xref:planning-amqp-address-prefixes_advanced-features[].
```
